Tiny PR: add note about double-checking Astro version in first DAG doc (#2503)
astronomer/docs: astro/create-first-dag.md

    astro login astronomer.io
    ```

>     After running this command, you are prompted to open your web browser and enter your credentials to the Cloud UI. The Cloud UI then automatically authenticates you to the CLI. The next time you log in, you can run `astro login` without specifying a domain. If you run into issues with the login command, double-check that you have the [latest Astro CLI version](cli/install-cli.md#upgrade-the-cli) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After running this command, you are prompted to open your web browser and enter your credentials to the Cloud UI. The Cloud UI then automatically authenticates you to the CLI. The next time you log in, you can run `astro login` without specifying a domain. If you run into issues logging in, check to make sure that you have the latest version of the Astro CLI. See [Upgrade the CLI](cli/install-cli.md#upgrade-the-cli).
```
